this is cheetah 120 9212 they have been
cheating on fortnite's biggest Maps
annihilating innocent players yeah it's
me I've been doing that surprise I have
been going undercover as a hacker
because my main account they always
recognize me no it's actually laser beam
laser beam oh my it kind of ruins the
fun as always map developers have given
me cheats on some of fortnite's biggest
Maps so we're undercover and our goal
for this account is to get banned and I
trick Epic into thinking I'm a real
hacker first game is fortnite finishes
this is one of the most unique games I
have seen it's perfect for our first
undercover Mission basically run to just
jump into this giant pit you know fall
all the way down here and you just see
fortnite characters beating the [__] out
of each other we got fortnite kids doing
MMA all right let me let me see if I can
win a fight you got to hit him with your
pickaxe B back get annihilated I'm
called cheater 120 9212 for a reason I
have cheats all right we just go in here
put in a code now I've got an admin menu
time to go undercover I can make myself
invincible
it's not haer I mean his name cheatah
what do you think he's hacking these
kids are used to doing some MMA moves
and stuff but they can't touch me see
normally they just freak out that it's
me laser beam and they'd be happy that
I'm bullying
them I've been under cover for 5 to 10
seconds and I've already been reported
I'm just going to start beating the crap
out of them beating the crap out of all
of them
okay I'm soling the entire Lobby he's
haing oh let's got
kicked oh my God oh my God
bro I punched like three kids and I just
got banned for cheating I'm only using
admin commands I'm not using any actual
hack but epic games have just banned me
they think I'm a real hacker this would
never happen on my main account all
right time to get banned for a second
time I'm on a new account oh yes oh my
God I just broke their
neck that guy sounds like he got hurt IR
oh my God I'm just snapping next this
game mode is insane I want it warm I
what the [__] is not warmo I thought I
was a wholesome kid singing a song and
then he just dropped an F bomb got to
teach him a lesson swearing is wrong
yeah that's what you get for swearing
kid my parents used to put soap in my
mouth if I swore I just gave you a kick
to that this kid is uh currently in the
changing Booth can I just box that in
where going one so they can't actually
break builds in the lobby area he's
actually trapped in
there oh bro just left the game maybe I
should be banned I am evil that is
nothing compared to the final map in
this video I may actually get a lawsuit
from epic games for that one but next up
is fortnite guess who in guess who
you're given a bunch of characters and
the other player has to ask questions to
try and narrow it down and guess who
you've got but I have installed hidden
cameras into every single Lobby so I can
instantly win every game going up
against this guy Chaser man and 7 all
right we got a bunch of fortnite skins
I've got p1000 but as you can see I just
have a hack opponent
option Sizzle my hidden camera just
showed me what he has D so you see he's
got voice chat in this you meant to ask
each other questions but my voice will
give me away so I've come up with a
solution I am a
hacker dude no way he's getting this
guess what you have Sizzle yeah I'm
leaving [__] you
[Applause]
going up against JJ Dino 095 all right
we're picking some fortnite skins I got
p1000 again I swear I always get that
guy all right we got voice chat I'm just
going to use my hidden camera real quick
uh what's he got black knut so are you
going first Sor I I'm going first not my
friend tell
you out I think it's like his dad or
older brother is like get out bro get
out he's going to hack the house all
right we're guessing Icon Skins I've got
Slim Shady himself let's go to the
hidden camera LeBron James all right
let's tell him I know what you have you
have LeBron James what the mine is
LeBron James I can let you win if you
want do you want to win oh no there he
is clearly The Voice worked cuz no one
recognized it was laser beam the entire
time I love this game but it's too hard
to find people with voice chat I'm done
this game is called the hood it's like a
GTA role playing game kids roam the
street streets and gangs and stuff when
I was testing games I was playing this
and a bunch of kids like kidnapped me
and threw me in jail I actually got
bullied by children so I've got the
developer to give me admin and now I can
get revenge so far I have not been
attacked just roaming the streets got my
cheat menu and all my Powers right here
Invincible invisibility knock back
players you know just going to go say hi
to these
fellas Yoo I want Flying when he picka
me what's his name
mus I think they're going to start
realizing I'm a serious threat I can't
even kill him I can't even kill him look
I can't even oh he's ack only I can have
oh it's a you want to go for a piggy
back
ride yo what the I'm flying him what the
[__] goodbye
yo oh he got killed so when I was
playing the kids kept throwing me in
prison but that's why one of these
Powers is jail all players let's see
what
happens you're stuck in jail yeah that's
the hacker that's the hacker yo there's
a hacker in our game yes I feel so good
about myself now I feel powerful I was
going to float in the sky and let them
all freak out there's a hacker in our
game he's flying around stand right
there right there where I'm shooting
stand there I want everyone to crouch up
and down I'm crouching up and down up
good job all right they've been good I'm
going to reveal my identity no more
hacker voice can everyone just say uh
use code laser
please they're the only people in this
entire video who will know the secret
all right new Lobby they don't know I'm
a cheater now I've made myself invisible
I'm going to do all the same things but
they'll never even know I'm here I'm
just going to stop picking him up and
make him float in the air they might
even think the person floating in the
air is the hacker how was he in the air
Supreme was just Supreme I made him
convinced that Supreme's the hacker dude
what the hell do you think I know how to
hack the fifth grade I'm just learning
my
multiplication bro's pleading for his
life I think so apparently I can just Dr
gold on the ground I just dropped a
whole bunch of money
here that hacker is the goat bro whoever
this is man you the goat bro the bad guy
hacking I've been doing I'm also giving
money back to the poor hecker's doing
again y one more thing just say use code
laser use C laser it actually wasn't
charity it was advertisement get C you
got advertised too these videos take a
while to film takes a while to add the
cheats to the game now I'm in America
thank you Preston for letting me use
your setup yeehaw I have a green screen
I can do effects like that now fortnite
has added Four Guys creative Maps now I
can be a four guys hacker they've
recreated the hexagon map this is the
classic Fall Guys map all right well now
I can just fly look at all these guys
scramble around idiots all right I have
the ability to just Shockwave
players and I just launch them off the
edge I just send one and now we're
invisible okay where's the final guy I
can't see they're all invisible good
thing I can just eliminate the entire
floor and everyone's dead and I'm a
winner and I'm awesome be quiet peasant
he just called someone a peasant that's
funny let's piss him off you're a
peasant oh dude some dude's hacking dude
I appreciate your hacking to be honest
this this is actually fun to me this is
giving me content on my YouTube channel
I'm going on his YouTube channel I'm
going to be famous cheatah 3 41598 is
going to the big time bro what you him
out CH him out he's trying real hard
here no no
a this is fun all right I'm done we're
playing body cam this is an insanely
unique map they've turned fortnite into
a firstperson war shooter let's go
undercover all right we've spawned in
how is this fortnite
bro come on get yes I got a kill we've
just sent fortnite kids to war this does
not feel like fortnite I feel like I
should be fighting in like Nazi Germany
or something back in World War II so
basically it's a gun game you get kills
and every time you get a kill you get a
new gun it's the first person at 20
kills I got to test the game without
cheats first all right got to see if I'm
any good at it yes destroying them they
come back don't even need cheats in this
game I have Aimbot built into my
genetics dead okay I actually didn't
plan to win I just wanted to show you
guys how the game works but I have
actually popped off and now all I got to
do is cut someone with a
sword and and you win I I I just won I
forgot how sick I am now you've seen how
the game works we've just got to go
enable our cheats okay we're going to
level this up a little bit all right
just put my code in and now of course I
have a cheat menu first let's make
myself
Invincible oh you can't kill me buddy
damn this must be
intimidating from the entire Lobby has
already just tried to kill me obviously
being Invincible very basic stuff but
what if I can also fly bro is
flabbergasted they're both absolutely
they might not have voice chat but I can
tell their brains have melted oh this
guy's already at 10 kills I'm starting
to lose oh I might have to start
actually playing the game all right well
let's add Aimbot and wall hacks now
everyone has a rectangle around them my
gun automatically aims on them I'm not
even moving my mouse and you can see it
follow this is actually the most I've
felt like a hacker in this entire video
bro I can just hold down the mouse and
people start
dying bro this is actual cursed I know I
make the joke all the time this is the
most like JVS I've ever
felt bro still trying to shoot me that's
ambitious that guy never gives up he
gets knocked down he gets back up again
he's a beast this guy's just oh that guy
just left the game bro oh they all just
left the game I was about to win that's
some [__] now we just have to go
make sure we find voice chat yo this kid
is cheating yes I am oh hell no I'm I'm
gone yo does me can I die I'm emoting on
him he just keeps seeing me running away
you can't run I don't want to get banned
I don't want to get
banned BR sounds like a you know like a
pig when you pull its
tail oh he killed him he killed my
friend someone made Fort Meagle you talk
to strangers it's based on Omegle which
is a place that has nothing good happens
on Omegle this one should be good
because it basically forces people to
use voice chat so we are thrown into a
lobby with a random player hello damn
boy deep ass voice all right let's see
if we can do some stuff to my teammate
here this is my admin panel who the [__]
put this [__] on me I can't even skip
either I've made it so he can't skip me
he's literally trapped in this lobby
with me I have a button to throw him in
prison oh are you a Dev you got to be
left right left right I like this game
cuz it forces people to have voice
chat I've joined someone's Lobby they're
just singing a song I'm just going to
give them funny hats what the FP ah what
happened to my head
oh damn this is so much better than
omegal normally that's just like people
showing you their private parts his
name's cheater 3415 98 you like your
[Music]
house I can't skip you can't skip me I'm
going to put him in prison
now
St I reported you reporting I'm
reporting I'm reporting I've been
getting reported a lot but I still
haven't been banned again oh you're a
cheater I'm going to report you let's
give him a funny hat dude I I love the
Emoji hat it's my favorite cheater I've
had in this entire video no take get off
please come on please I'm going to put
him in prison as well a this so this
this brings back memories man of course
I'm in the
cage wait what wait what all right there
is one final chapter to this video we
have done many diabolical things but
this is definitely the most evil I'm
back on the main account because we're
no longer undercover I have to use my
real account they have to know it's me
and there is something called the laser
map oh boy all right this might not look
like much but this is very evil I'm
going to have my good friend Alex Ace
joined the server Alex Ace has joined
the game and I have killed Alex Ace this
is what happens to anyone else who joins
this game he is trapped in an infinite
death Loop and the most evil part hey
Alex just try and leave the game for me
I'm try I can't open up my I can't leave
because they're dying so fast they
literally cannot leave the game see this
map was originally built to help me
break my kill record you see we already
have 700 kills but we found out that it
actually breaks the fortnite servers so
we're repurposing this to torture the
fortnite community the first step of the
evil master plan I'm going to send this
map code to my friends with no context
and just let them join laser map all
right that was cool I didn't know you
making Maps don't wor right this is this
is a brilliant project that I've brought
to life well I know you and I know that
you only make incredible
projects okay so you've killed me a
couple times now what's the experience
here yeah no this is pretty much it this
is it yeah no this is it I don't know if
the play time will be great um the user
experience is quite interesting the
thing about the play time I just try and
leave the game for me oh my God
bro
bro the play time's going to be great
Lin cuz you cannot leave you can't leave
you the algorith mus I've sent you a map
code I just want your thoughts on my new
map
[__] I just want your thoughts like you
think this is a good game experience for
the fortnite community or what what the
Jesus Christ yeah the thing is you can't
you can't leave Elliot what oh no you
can't actually Leave This
Server your track f up forever I am now
back in Australia I have literally
traveled the entire Globe to film this
video that's because it took a long time
to make this map public I am sending
this code to the entire world and anyone
who joins will be trapped and non-stop
die testing an epic new map I'm working
on I'm Oceanic servers make sure to turn
on voice chat before joining I promise
you will have lots of fun smiley face
the smiley face is to make them think
I'm not evil now anyone who joins is
going to be trapped forever oh here we
go we got people joining and they're
already
dying just a bunch of Las beam fans who
trusted me joined the server and they're
just dying what is happening I can't
even leave the
[Laughter]
game it's actually making their voice
chat lag so I can only do like three or
four people per server otherwise it
explodes but right now everyone in the
world who saw that tweet is stuck in
their own server thousands of people
worldwide right now I just non-stop
dying a few people have uh tweeted at me
bro it's just a shot of him dying this
guy just uploaded a video of him dying
uh as I was standing in front of him let
me open my pause menu please just a
video of a mous constantly dying you
love to see it tens of thousands of
people saw that tweet so I probably just
got millions of kills in the last like
10 minutes like that is definitely a
fortnite record all right well this
might be the most evil thing ever
created in fortnite hope you enjoyed